Since everyone was asking what feminine
women bring to the table, here are seven
feminine habits that make men fall in
love with you. Number one, let him lead.
Leadership is like a muscle that needs
to be trained. And a feminine woman
understands how to train this muscle,
not for herself, but for her men. And
not because she cannot lead or she's
weak. It simply means that she knows how
to let him lead and trust him that he
will make the right decisions. Number
two, let him feel needed. Even if you
can do everything yourself, let him do
things for you. You have to know that a
man that doesn't feel needed literally
feels useless and he doesn't really want
to spend time with you. So, the more you
will make him feel needed, the more he
will actually want to do for you and the
more time he will want to spend with
you. Let him know that his support and
effort doesn't go unnoticed and you
appreciate it truly because it changes
your life. It makes your life way more
easy. Number three, his weird side. When
men go outside, they are in their job.
They put on almost like a mask. Many
times they just need to be serious. Now,
when he's with you and you let him feel
like his goofy side, his natural side is
welcome and you appreciate it, then he
will be even more attached to you
because he will feel like you are the
only person he truly can be himself.
Number four, be his second brain. This
might is a bit controversial, but being
his second friend can actually change
the whole story and make him fall in
love even more with you because he sees
you as not only that beautiful, warm
woman or wife next to him. He sees you
also as something that literally makes
his life better. You notice small things
that he wouldn't think about. For
example, that he always wants to smell
good. He has his favorite perfume, but
many times he forgets his small pocket
perfume. So you just pack it in your bag
and save the moment for him because you
anticipated in his needs. And a real
healthy masculine man would only want to
provide more for you from you doing
these small